c:\users\andrebaltieri\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OAuthServer\OAuthServer.Utils\bin\Debug\OAuthServer.Utils.dll
c:\users\andrebaltieri\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OAuthServer\OAuthServer.Utils\bin\Debug\OAuthServer.Utils.pdb
c:\users\andrebaltieri\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OAuthServer\OAuthServer.Utils\obj\Debug\OAuthServer.Utils.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\andrebaltieri\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OAuthServer\OAuthServer.Utils\obj\Debug\OAuthServer.Utils.dll
c:\users\andrebaltieri\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OAuthServer\OAuthServer.Utils\obj\Debug\OAuthServer.Utils.pdb
c:\users\andrebaltieri\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OAuthServer\OAuthServer.Utils\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.Configuration.dll
c:\users\andrebaltieri\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OAuthServer\OAuthServer.Utils\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.dll
c:\users\andrebaltieri\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OAuthServer\OAuthServer.Utils\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.RegistrationByConvention.dll
c:\users\andrebaltieri\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OAuthServer\OAuthServer.Utils\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\andrebaltieri\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OAuthServer\OAuthServer.Utils\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\andrebaltieri\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OAuthServer\OAuthServer.Utils\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\andrebaltieri\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OAuthServer\OAuthServer.Utils\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\andrebaltieri\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OAuthServer\OAuthServer.Utils\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\andrebaltieri\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OAuthServer\OAuthServer.Utils\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\andrebaltieri\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OAuthServer\OAuthServer.Utils\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\andrebaltieri\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OAuthServer\OAuthServer.Utils\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\andrebaltieri\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OAuthServer\OAuthServer.Utils\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\andrebaltieri\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OAuthServer\OAuthServer.Utils\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\andrebaltieri\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OAuthServer\OAuthServer.Utils\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.xml
c:\users\andrebaltieri\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OAuthServer\OAuthServer.Utils\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.Configuration.xml
c:\users\andrebaltieri\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OAuthServer\OAuthServer.Utils\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.RegistrationByConvention.xml
c:\users\andrebaltieri\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OAuthServer\OAuthServer.Utils\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\andrebaltieri\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OAuthServer\OAuthServer.Utils\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\andrebaltieri\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OAuthServer\OAuthServer.Utils\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\andrebaltieri\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OAuthServer\OAuthServer.Utils\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\andrebaltieri\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OAuthServer\OAuthServer.Utils\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\andrebaltieri\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OAuthServer\OAuthServer.Utils\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\andrebaltieri\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OAuthServer\OAuthServer.Utils\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\andrebaltieri\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OAuthServer\OAuthServer.Utils\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\andrebaltieri\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OAuthServer\OAuthServer.Utils\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\andrebaltieri\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OAuthServer\OAuthServer.Utils\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.dll
c:\users\andrebaltieri\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OAuthServer\OAuthServer.Utils\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
c:\users\andrebaltieri\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OAuthServer\OAuthServer.Utils\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
c:\users\andrebaltieri\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OAuthServer\OAuthServer.Utils\bin\Debug\Owin.dll
c:\users\andrebaltieri\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OAuthServer\OAuthServer.Utils\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.xml
c:\users\andrebaltieri\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OAuthServer\OAuthServer.Utils\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
c:\users\andrebaltieri\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OAuthServer\OAuthServer.Utils\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
